Okay, so this is the manual review for after the second epics for IREAL. 

First of all, let's go into the aesthetics and UX. I need you to first notice the issues that I notice is that there is no logos or stuff regarding the app. So the first thing that we need to do is replace the left menu, the ideal menu placeholder with the logo right just the logo. And also make a collapsible hamburger-type of menu so it can be accessed in every part of the workflow. Also, I need to build consistency between a movement in the app because whenever I click on going back like on the web browser, it doesn't work. Like it fails and doesn't work

Okay, second of all, I like a lot how the app is going. The idea part is almost finished. The only problems that I see are:
1. The filter doesn't work, so you will have to build functional buttons to filter everything (like dates) so we can build a mini calendar filter type of stuff. We can only have months with the years and dates. That would be the first problem.
2. I don't know why it doesn't work, but in the first dashboard, it appears a lot of notes, but when I got into the idea part, it doesn't work. We need to build consistency between the data that it's from the idea and what it showed on the dashboard.
Third of all, whenever I create a new idea and they write on it, it only saves the title if I write the title. But if I don't write the title, if I write only on the electric body of the idea, and I click on the "Go back" arrow, it doesn't work. It doesn't save the body, and the delete button doesn't show a pop-up. The little bottle that doesn't work will be cool if it worked. That connects to plan or create a plan for this idea is not working because the first thing that I'll need to do is take their connect plan will need to be connected line in half, like a pop-up that's working at the moment, but it needs to be with a layer load 2 by 3, two in height and three on length of squares of rectangles of ID of plants, like a pop-up with 6 for example, 6. And the last one is there, we could say like they to, 3 position. He has to be up creating a plan, like a + and "Create new plan" right from this idea, and that connection will need to work. That will be the first solution of the idea part.

The third thing is that the plan: 1. The first problem they encountered is that there's a thing that says "Error al cargar planes," and I don't know why, but it doesn't work. 2. Whenever I create a new plan, I'll need it to be way better than this, so we're going to go step-by-step. The first thing is that now we're going to make content from Instagram and TikTok, only be short-form content like reels and TikToks. The questions that we are going to ask are: 1. This following right? 2. You will need to create 3. We need to integrate this prompt like I have this NA8 structure flow. It's linked on a JSON in this folder, and willing to integrate this workflow but transform it into code to this part right? The output will be a document that the user could be able to read inside the app, and it will be like the plan we'd like that. That plan will be the one that fits; I that makes the calendar stuff right. Also, the creation of the plan is not working. Whenever I create a new plan, it says: "Error al crear el plan, por favor intenta nuevo". So it doesn't work, like the whole plan stuff doesn't work. Please look at the JSON and try to emulate this but in code. 
